welcome the autotrader.com post-race
show
continuing coverage of today's New
Hampshire 300 presented by the new film
behind enemy lines won by Robby Gordon
in somewhat controversial fashion when
he and Jeff Gordon got together with 15
laps to go top ten
Gordon's not among that despite the fact
that he led 257 laps today he wound up
in 15th place one lap down penalized by
NASCAR for his retaliation on Robby
Gordon let's go back to Bill Weber in
victory lane with car owner Richard
Childress first of all congratulations
they said you were crazy for hiring that
Gordon guy yeah a lot of people question
it but you know I've worked him I've
worked with him I just know what Sara if
we can work on it and Robbie's got a
tremendous amount of talent I think he
showed it today and it's it in a road
course talk about the run-in between the
two Gordon's Richard you watched it well
you know it looked like Jef checked up a
little bit when the 12 was spinning in
front of him and Robby got into him just
a little bit and I was just trying to
keep Robby calm on there to make sure he
didn't knock his fenders in you know
with Jeff you know when Jeff came up to
retaliate a little bit there and and I
know Jeff you know neither one would
wreck each other the win obviously it's
been an emotional roller coaster for you
all year this is a tremendous way to cap
it off it is you know and for Lowe's I
got to say something great about them
it's a great company and I'm just sorry
we're leaving but they're great company
and they stuck with us and this was for
you know for them for sticking with us
for five years and for the guys on this
31 crew Richard that have worked so hard
with Mike Skinner and now with Robby to
get this car to Victory Lane for you
yeah I mean it's it's just to never give
up a bunch of guys and you know next
year we'll be with Cingular Wireless and
we're looking to win its prices with
them too when you walk away from this
season Richard and smile
now I still got a emptiness we all do
thank you richard childress in victory
lane with his new driver Robby Gordon
Allen hi Phil thanks they gonna be a
long time before that emptiness leaves
rc2 there's no doubt cheer from some
more of the top finishers in today's
race Sterling Marlin finished second we
talked with him a few moments ago
Sterling Marlin had a good day but not a
great day you come home second how tight
was that race car it was real tight
early and we're just you don't to start
we just couldn't get he grew up and
thought my could hold him off the end
Robby had all fast car and in Jeff - but
I call the slide around a lot of new
tires and we're too tired it slid around
and then we just too tight at the end it
it was really tight off so you want to
mess with the too much messed up it's
best 100 New Hampshire in a long time
but like thank all the guys on the race
team they've done a great job all year
think coolers like for being with us
target and and the two-time Phoenix for
a good race cars and unofficially you
come home third in the points standings
that's pretty good yeah I had a mound
and you know we knew what we had to do
was think Tony was 40 Hayden Road with
16 and you know just race hard and the
points take care of the self and the
guys on a great job last week run second
and run sack this week so we get going
for next year Sterling Marlin looking to
get a head start on his dream of a
Winston Cup championship he finishes
here in New Hampshire in the second
position
been a good season for Sterling been the
Dodge standard-bearer all throughout
this 2001 campaign certainly one of his
better seasons of Winston Cup
competition Bobby the body's 2001 title
defense ended today with a third place
run and let's hear from him Dave burns
spoke with him a moment ago and Bobby
Labonte comes back for a third place
finish it looked like it had more for
him what happened there at the end right
there before that last caution flag when
we got tires that car was really loose
and yeah I think I might have used them
early on and then put tires on the track
I cooled off a little bit was in the
shade a lot probably got a little too
tight probably should have just stood
for it but I was a little frayed through
there then you know we're still still
trying to finish sixth some points so
they want to make too big too big a
change but the the interstate battery
Pontiac brand great
day and it was uh we were their top five
and felt real comfortable so it was a
good day for us I've been really in a
situation where you normally asked for
adjustments you really didn't ask for
anything you kind of got the car to get
adjustments anyway didn't you yeah you
know probably a little too far but like
I said you know I'd rather have been a
little safe than sorry you know we we
had a good run and we needed still
needed to finish this race to finish
sixth in points so as a is a great great
day for us and a good year when it when
you when you look at it all together
towards him well and I think I know the
answer this but looking on this whole
year what's the most memorable moment
for you in a season where you didn't run
all that good you know I poke no racing
junior was probably one of the one of
the highlights you know for as far as
racing goes but I think as far as the
team goes our determination to you know
we looked like we pretty bad there for a
little bit you know really fell out of a
bunch of races and had you know not as
good runs like we'd like to have from
last year and then you know to rebound
and get better scores in the year I
think is uh you know satisfying to me to
to know that we're going to next year
hopefully really strong all right well
I'll fess up I didn't know the answer to
the question I was gonna say last week's
win in Atlanta but that was a gift
remembers it was a gift
there you go that's why it was a gift he
does get his 20th top ten of the year
pretty good season for him I guess after
all and Dave at Atlanta Tony Stewart
finished ninth here in New Hampshire a
second straight fifth place finished but
more importantly you finished second in
the points that's a lot of money an
extra three hundred fifty eight thousand
bison Mitch attire I'm not buying any
midget tires that's going into the
retirement fund so I can get out of the
series if eventually but uh you know the
guys at Home Depot did a great job all
year and all the associates back this
all year long everywhere we went to do
autograph sessions this so associates
are the ones that are pumped up the most
and the you know their support means
more to us than anything but you know
Greg Zipadelli and all the guys in the
team that they did a great job and
Sterling Marlin tried to crash this
three or four times in the first 20 laps
and couldn't get it done so I guess that
was he thought that was his only shot at
beating us today but you know we were
able to hang on there and I know there's
one thing that I wanted to do all I can
say is this is that what are you talking
about retirement plan here let me have
my moment a son here at yoga so first
thing I want to do is message hair
a lot cuz you got two prettier hair
second of all I want to know when you
and Ingrid are getting married because
she's expecting a diamond ring so we
know that you need to begin invade two
sweet boy again so ready for the
retirement fund what about you in
Christmas what about you and Krista
she's doing great she's waiting on me to
look what about a ring for crushing me
up and I want to leave oh I've got her a
ring don't worry I'll take one you gonna
give it I've given her to her once and I
screwed up and took it back but what
about this time that most likely I'm
gonna beat you to it
the hooks looking awful good how about
that I tell you what won't we just go to
Vegas I'm going to Vegas tonight while
you and I both go we'll go pick up
Ingrid and we'll both get married
tonight well he certainly has a lot
let's go back to you I I think I would
surprised you hadn't said let's go back
to Alan earlier because he was digging
you quite a hole there Yocum yeah how
the pressures on now for both of them
and then more post race coverage hook we
come back to New England